
Quantity Trumps Quality:
"When it comes to software, the same rule applies. 
If you aren't building, you aren't learning. 
Rather than agonizing over whether you're building the right thing, just build it. 
And if that one doesn't work, keep building until you get one that does."







Clean Code-Chapter 1:

"Of course you have been impeded by bad code. So then—why did you write it?"
This book is one that has grabbed my attention much more that I assumed it was going to. 
It has great examples and stories to go along with it's explanations. I feel there is 
a lot to be learned in this book and I can't wait to see what else it has to show me.

What I have learned so far though, is that bad code is sloppy, commented out stuff that could 
have been erased, syntax errors, functions that go nowhere. 
Basically, things that have no use and could have been deleted but weren't and even though the code works, it's ugly and bad.
Good code is orangized, simple, "clean", and functioning. In this book, it also mentions
multiple developers and people of interest to express their ideas of good and bad code.










TDD-red-green-refactor:
"Test-driven development (TDD) is an approach to software development where you write tests first, then use those tests to drive 
the design and development of your software application.

In this article, you will learn about a TDD approach called red, green, refactor, a framework that developers
 use to build a test suite, write implementation code, 
and optimize their codebase in short development cycles."
I am pretty excited about the idea of testing first then writing code around the tests.
I am pretty use to the practice of writing code THEN testing the code. Interesting concept.





Cycle of TDD:

"Three Laws of TDD.
1.You must write a failing test before you write any production code.
2.You must not write more of a test than is sufficient to fail, or fail to compile.
3.You must not write more production code than is sufficient to make the currently failing test pass."


These were all things I have been doing backwards haha. 
Overall, what I got from this article was to write a code tthat will fail, make it work but writing code around it,
then once it works, clean it up. Sounds easy enough.